other: assertions to exceptions (part 2) (#462)
lumicks/pylake: changelog.md

## v1.0.0 | t.b.d.

#### Breaking changes

* Changed several `asserts` to `Exceptions`.

>   * Attempting to use `Slice.downsampled_over()` or `Slice.downsampled_like()` with timestamps ranges or another channel that doesn't overlap with the channel now produces a `RuntimeError`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Attempting to use `Slice.downsampled_over()` with timestamps ranges or another channel that doesn't overlap with the channel now produces a `ValueError`.
  * Attempting to use `Slice.downsampled_over()` without timestamps ranges now produces a `ValueError`.
```

Author: 👍
